TELCODOCS#2004: Day 2 Operations - Security Doc (#86603)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-security-infra.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * edge_computing/day_2_core_cnf_clusters/observability/telco-security-basics.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="telco-security-infra_{context}"]
= Telco-specific infrastructure

> Hardware requirements:: In Telco networks, clusters are primarily built on bare-metal hardware. This means that the operating system (Red Hat CoreOS) is installed directly on the physical machines, without using virtual machines. This reduces network connectivity complexity, minimizes latency, and optimizes CPU usage for applications.

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.

> Hardware requirements:: In telco networks, clusters are primarily built on bare-metal hardware. This means that the operating system (Red Hat CoreOS) is installed directly on the physical machines, without using virtual machines. This reduces network connectivity complexity, minimizes latency, and optimizes CPU usage for applications.

Reviewer: I believe the full name is Red Hat Enterprise Linux CoreOS (RHCOS).
```suggestion
Hardware requirements:: In telco networks, clusters are primarily built on bare-metal hardware. This means that the operating system,  {op-system-first}, is installed directly on the physical machines, without using virtual machines. This reduces network connectivity complexity, minimizes latency, and optimizes CPU usage for applications.
```

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.
